this small tent is the only place despl
Palestinians in darl B can get much
needed medicine but quickly running
out most Children's Medicine along with
those for chronic and acute diseases are
totally gone also anesthetics are not
available in any form many of the
injured had parts of their bodies
amputated and need anesthetics these
items are totally out of
stock Dr he took all the medicine he
could carry when he fled Israeli
bombardment in the
north I used to own a farmacy in Gaza
City it was destroyed by the Israeli
forces this is what is left of the stock
we
had his makeshift Pharmacy only has
toolin and W to protect it from the
weather yet it's become a Lifeline for
dozens of
families many items must be kept in low
temperature and we do not have a cooler
also we are surrounded by waste and
garbage we are infested with insects
flies and mosquitoes it is very hard but
we are doing our very best to serve our
community and provide the best possible
medical assistance to the nearby
camps high temperatures and a water
shortage have sparked fees of outbreaks
of disease among the thousands living in
displacement camps
Israeli attacks on hospitals and
restrictions on the entry of Aid have
left most of the Trip's medical workers
unable to
cope since Israel began its incuron in
rafah earlier this month the World
Health Organization says only three of
its eight trucks have been able to enter
the
area with much of gaza's Medical Care
infrastructure ruins due to the Israeli
Relentless attacks Palestinian pharmac
have appear to be the Beacon of Hope for
all gaza's displaced families they are
trying to provide them with lifelines as
they are challenged by power outages and
even extreme temperature fluctuations
that affect negatively on medicine
storage T abum Al jazer darah
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaer